In the Netherlands there was a need for a new suitable assembly hole, which could accommodate almost all of the 300 congregations of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Additional building ground was acquired next to the existing hole, so that a second completely new hole could be constructed.
More than 200 volunteers worked on this project.
What challenges did they face?
And what blessings did they receive?
We had to sell our house and close our business.
It's a step in the unknown.
I had to quit my job.
It was exciting to step out of my comfort zone and rely completely on Jehovah.
Everything is structured organized. That is why things run smoothly.
That doesn't come naturally to me.
We were invited to come and work in the kitchen.
I love to cook at home. I'm really fond of it.
What was my assignment? Doing the dishes.
Working on yourself, your Christian personality and cooperating with your brothers and sisters.
That has everlasting value.
This was a wonderful training for the future when we will be building together in paradise.
They realize that everyone sacrifices something and becomes happier.
No one regrets their decision.
Let Jehovah take into account your personal makeup that he is patient with us.
I've really learned how to work together in a theoretical arrangement and still have fun.
You can work on yourself all day long and therefore be able to improve.
I really learned to study more, to read the Bible more often.
Because we work together so closely, you get to know each other very well.
And I really started to love and appreciate people.
We really came to appreciate that every brother and sister has this beautiful inner person.
Visitors or contractors were always very surprised that there were so many women working at the construction site.
It's great working with sisters.
I have a construction background and communication with men can be really upfront.
That doesn't work with sisters.
You just have to be calm, talk and listen.
I had to work on a lift platform, but I was kind of a problem because I'm afraid of heights.
The brothers were so kind to seal the sides up completely so that I could not look down.
It was fun working together on that lift platform. We called it a little flat.
The atmosphere was amazing and we all had a great time.
It is now we work in the kitchen at the Sifftuban School Facility.
A real privilege. We've been trained to cook during construction.
But if needed, I'll even do the dishes as well.
I'll never work five days again.
Now I work three days and since you live first, I started by a neary. That's just great.
He was offered a job. He could even choose between two jobs.
Now he works three days a week, which always seemed impossible.
Eventually, we were in Sifftubanth for one month only.
Then we went to Mozambique for three months.
Then for five months to Sifftubanth again.
In three months, South Africa.
And the visiting for us and the battle called and assigned us to Congo King Shasa.
All the volunteers who helped to make a success of this project, well, they had to give up a lot.
As a result, we can enjoy this beautiful hall.
It's amazing to be here. It's great to be encouraged and to be strengthened for the ministry.
If you think about it, every day we have around 700 new brothers and sisters.
That means every three days we can fill a hall like this with new brothers and sisters.
These kind of halls are really needed worldwide in order to provide education to all those additional brothers and sisters.
It's so face strengthening to be here.
Words cannot express it. I feel so united, so warm.
Peaceful.
It's so wonderful to be able to serve Jehovah together.